README.md, before:

# welcome to omo-earth

For an introduction to omo see: [omo.earth](http://omo.earth)


## How can we thrive towards global sustainable abundance through human-centered systemic process design methodologies?
This reserach paper is motivated by the exponentially growing demand for increasing the velocity of systemic evolution upgrades by designing and adapting rapid paced governance process patterns for 3 of our most pressing common global challenges, such as:
- How to reach full abundance for humanity by thriving collaboratively towards common wealth equality
- How to sustain our earth and economies by self-upgrading decentralized system-designs and governance
- How to find purpose in developing and succeeding at personal growth, by eliminating the globally growing pain of social-isolation, depession and hatred

### About the research
This is the first draft for a decentralized, self-improving asynchroneous global pattern proposal, which will be alpha-tested and weekly improved as well as documented during the public launch of circles.garden, a universal basic income blockchain project introduced by Martin Köppelmann and implemented by diverse and open-minded organisationtalents around the world.

### The history of omo-sapiens
The omo-sapiens is an ancient old human species, whos origin is rooted 200.000 years way back in time. Omo-sapiens have been defined to be the very first humans showing early characteristics of the modern homo-sapiens. Our ancestors are known to have been fiercly egalitarian by design: Study shows that ancient hunter-gatherer tribes operated on egalitarian basis, suggesting inequality was an aberration that came with the advent of agriculture. Since this turning point in history, economic and technologial evolution advanced at a much greater pace than the common evolution of our capabilities to efficiently govern global challenges. 

### Studying the modern omo-sapiens
In 2020, a new discovery comes at a breathtaking surprise, where a freshly breed of reborn omo-sapiens have been spotted, replicating themselves at an astonishing quick rate. OMOs live a fullfilling and thriving life in absolute abundance, with caring relationships and efficient resource sharing, contineously growing common wealth at an incredible fast pace through cultivating weekly innovation challenges.
While studying and observing the daily habits of the OMO, we learned that they embrace the power of contineous change through a process we named the Omo-Circle-Methodology - or OCM. The OCM is an repetitive value and wealth generating machine, with an integrated process to incrementially update its own efficency. Recent observations show that OMO's seem to thrive in joy by just openly sharing their most precious intrinsic and well defined questions of life to tackle them in cooperation with other OMO's. OMO's take a great sense of ownership and responsibility of their own habits and goals, enabling them to magically autodeploy their life visions into clear and self-adapting pathway's of incremental challenges.

### How does the omo cycle work?
Let's have a look into the weeklife of the OMO, or the so called **o**pen **m**inded **o**rganisationtalents. They structure their habits around openly comitted, well defined and adapting shortterm, middleterm, longterm and lifelong dreams they wish to grow on in their lifes. The flow of information exchange and knowledge growth between OMO's follow stigmergic-pathways, which is an asynchroneous and decentralized cooperation pattern based on human relationships. 

_**more coming soon**_

Commit message:

Added a where to find what introduction

README.md, after:

# welcome to the omo universe
_our dream is your dream_

## Where to find what
1) For an introduction about omo earth see our [website](http://omo.earth)

2) For an overview about our short-, middle- and long term dream challanges, see our [roadmap](https://github.com/omoearth/omo/projects/4)

3) For starting your own dream challenges, suggesting ideas, making wishes, reporting pains, defining responsibilities and validating prototypes, choose your [contribution type here](https://github.com/omoearth/omo/issues/new/choose)

4) For collaborating on other omo dreams look around in our [omo-challenges forum](https://github.com/omoearth/omo/issues) and use the tags to filter the topics you are interested in.

5) For chatting with us and other omo-sapiens enter our [omo-sapiens chat](https://github.com/orgs/omoearth/teams/omo-sapiens/discussions) 


## About our Dream Challenge
### How can we thrive towards global sustainable abundance through human-centered systemic process design methodologies?
This reserach paper is motivated by the exponentially growing demand for increasing the velocity of systemic evolution upgrades by designing and adapting rapid paced governance process patterns for 3 of our most pressing common global challenges, such as:
- How to reach full abundance for humanity by thriving collaboratively towards common wealth equality
- How to sustain our earth and economies by self-upgrading decentralized system-designs and governance
- How to find purpose in developing and succeeding at personal growth, by eliminating the globally growing pain of social-isolation, depession and hatred

### About the research
This is the first draft for a decentralized, self-improving asynchroneous global pattern proposal, which will be alpha-tested and weekly improved as well as documented during the public launch of circles.garden, a universal basic income blockchain project introduced by Martin Köppelmann and implemented by diverse and open-minded organisationtalents around the world.

### The history of omo-sapiens
The omo-sapiens is an ancient old human species, whos origin is rooted 200.000 years way back in time. Omo-sapiens have been defined to be the very first humans showing early characteristics of the modern homo-sapiens. Our ancestors are known to have been fiercly egalitarian by design: Study shows that ancient hunter-gatherer tribes operated on egalitarian basis, suggesting inequality was an aberration that came with the advent of agriculture. Since this turning point in history, economic and technologial evolution advanced at a much greater pace than the common evolution of our capabilities to efficiently govern global challenges. 

### Studying the modern omo-sapiens
In 2020, a new discovery comes at a breathtaking surprise, where a freshly breed of reborn omo-sapiens have been spotted, replicating themselves at an astonishing quick rate. OMOs live a fullfilling and thriving life in absolute abundance, with caring relationships and efficient resource sharing, contineously growing common wealth at an incredible fast pace through cultivating weekly innovation challenges.
While studying and observing the daily habits of the OMO, we learned that they embrace the power of contineous change through a process we named the Omo-Circle-Methodology - or OCM. The OCM is an repetitive value and wealth generating machine, with an integrated process to incrementially update its own efficency. Recent observations show that OMO's seem to thrive in joy by just openly sharing their most precious intrinsic and well defined questions of life to tackle them in cooperation with other OMO's. OMO's take a great sense of ownership and responsibility of their own habits and goals, enabling them to magically autodeploy their life visions into clear and self-adapting pathway's of incremental challenges.

### How does the omo cycle work?
Let's have a look into the weeklife of the OMO, or the so called **o**pen **m**inded **o**rganisationtalents. They structure their habits around openly comitted, well defined and adapting shortterm, middleterm, longterm and lifelong dreams they wish to grow on in their lifes. The flow of information exchange and knowledge growth between OMO's follow stigmergic-pathways, which is an asynchroneous and decentralized cooperation pattern based on human relationships. 

_**more coming soon**_
